654 pass reactive data@main (#674)
insightsengineering/teal: NEWS.md

### Enhancements

> * `teal_module` having `data` argument in it's arguments will receive list of reactive filter data with `"code"` and `"join_keys"` attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `teal_module` having `data` argument in its arguments will receive a list of reactive filter data with `"code"` and `"join_keys"` attributes.
```

* Updated the internals of `module_teal` to reflect changes in `teal.slice`.

### Breaking changes

* `...` argument in the `teal_module` no longer receives `datasets` object. In order to use `datasets` in the `teal_module` please specify `datasets` explicitly.

> * Deprecated `merge_expression` argument in `get_rcode_srv` and `get_rcode` has been removed.

Author: Unfortunately no, get_rcode is still here. I just removed stuff deprecated for more than year.

> * Deprecate `session` argument in `get_rcode` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Deprecated `session` argument in `get_rcode` function.
```
